com/example/messenger/models/Constants.java
 com.example.messenger.models.Constants
com/example/messenger/MainActivity.java
 com.example.messenger.MainActivity
 com.example.messenger.MainActivity$1
 com.example.messenger.MainActivity$2
com/example/messenger/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.messenger.BuildConfig
com/example/messenger/fragments/ChatFragment.java
 com.example.messenger.fragments.ChatFragment
 com.example.messenger.fragments.ChatFragment$1
 com.example.messenger.fragments.ChatFragment$1$1
 com.example.messenger.fragments.ChatFragment$2
 com.example.messenger.fragments.ChatFragment$3
 com.example.messenger.fragments.ChatFragment$4
 com.example.messenger.fragments.ChatFragment$5
com/example/messenger/rest/ServerInteraction.java
 com.example.messenger.rest.ServerInteraction
 com.example.messenger.rest.ServerInteraction$1
com/example/messenger/fragments/ContactFragment.java
 com.example.messenger.fragments.ContactFragment
 com.example.messenger.fragments.ContactFragment$1
 com.example.messenger.fragments.ContactFragment$1$1
com/example/messenger/fragments/ChatsFragment.java
 com.example.messenger.fragments.ChatsFragment
 com.example.messenger.fragments.ChatsFragment$1
com/example/messenger/models/TestData.java
 com.example.messenger.models.TestData
com/example/messenger/adapters/ChatRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.messenger.adapters.ChatRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.messenger.adapters.ChatRecyclerViewAdapter$1
 com.example.messenger.adapters.ChatRecyclerViewAdapter$ChatViewHolder
com/example/messenger/adapters/ChatsRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.messenger.adapters.ChatsRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.messenger.adapters.ChatsRecyclerViewAdapter$1
 com.example.messenger.adapters.ChatsRecyclerViewAdapter$ChatsViewHolder
com/example/messenger/fragments/LoaderFragment.java
 com.example.messenger.fragments.LoaderFragment
 com.example.messenger.fragments.LoaderFragment$1
 com.example.messenger.fragments.LoaderFragment$2
 com.example.messenger.fragments.LoaderFragment$3
 com.example.messenger.fragments.LoaderFragment$3$1
com/example/messenger/fragments/RegisterFragment.java
 com.example.messenger.fragments.RegisterFragment
 com.example.messenger.fragments.RegisterFragment$RegistrationLoader
 com.example.messenger.fragments.RegisterFragment$RegistrationLoader$1
 com.example.messenger.fragments.RegisterFragment$RegistrationLoaderCallbacks
com/example/messenger/view_models/DefaultActionBar.java
 com.example.messenger.view_models.DefaultActionBar
com/example/messenger/models/Chat.java
 com.example.messenger.models.Chat
com/example/messenger/rest/DataLoaderCallbacks.java
 com.example.messenger.rest.DataLoaderCallbacks
com/example/messenger/fragments/MainFragment.java
 com.example.messenger.fragments.MainFragment
 com.example.messenger.fragments.MainFragment$1
 com.example.messenger.fragments.MainFragment$2
com/example/messenger/models/DateConverter.java
 com.example.messenger.models.DateConverter
com/example/messenger/crypt/DeviceCrypt.java
 com.example.messenger.crypt.DeviceCrypt
com/example/messenger/models/Message.java
 com.example.messenger.models.Message
com/example/messenger/crypt/RestCrypt.java
 com.example.messenger.crypt.RestCrypt
com/example/messenger/models/UserLoggedIn.java
 com.example.messenger.models.UserLoggedIn
com/example/messenger/rest/DataLoader.java
 com.example.messenger.rest.DataLoader
com/example/messenger/adapters/FragmentAdapter.java
 com.example.messenger.adapters.FragmentAdapter
com/example/messenger/crypt/Crypt.java
 com.example.messenger.crypt.Crypt
com/example/messenger/fragments/LoginFragment.java
 com.example.messenger.fragments.LoginFragment
 com.example.messenger.fragments.LoginFragment$LoginLoader
 com.example.messenger.fragments.LoginFragment$LoginLoader$1
 com.example.messenger.fragments.LoginFragment$LoginLoaderCallbacks
com/example/messenger/rest/ClientAPI.java
 com.example.messenger.rest.ClientAPI
com/example/messenger/adapters/UsersRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.example.messenger.adapters.UsersRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.example.messenger.adapters.UsersRecyclerViewAdapter$UsersViewHolder
com/example/messenger/models/User.java
 com.example.messenger.models.User
com/example/messenger/models/MessageSending.java
 com.example.messenger.models.MessageSending
com/example/messenger/fragments/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.messenger.fragments.ProfileFragment
